# Project1-Team-4
  Our objective is to evaluate data to discover trends that may or may not cause people to leave their credit card service. Customer churn is one of the most important and challenging problems for businesses such as Credit Card companies and service providers worldwide, and understanding customer churn metrics can help businesses improve customer retention. Some common reasons for customer churn are; lack of usage of the product, poor service, and ability to find a better price somewhere else. Regardless of the reasoning, it costs more to acquire new customers than it does to retain existing ones. This has a direct impact on operating costs and marketing budgets within the company. Therefore, it is important that one tries to investigate customer churn within a business. Businesses are investing more time and effort in finding out the reasons of churning within their organizations, how they can accurately predict which types of existing customers are at risk to churn, and what actions they can take to minimize  customer churn. Our plan is to go through some consumer data and see how we can leverage data insights and predictive modeling in order to discover trends associating with credit card company churning improve customer retention. 
   In our analysis, we used Python, Jupyter Notebook and Matplotlib to organize a large dataset of credit card user data. We analyzed a CSV file (bank_churners.csv) that we found on Kaggle.com. We then cleaned the data by doing things such as removing all customers with a zero utilization ratio and any other extraneous information. We created then created various dataframes and plots in order to better visualize the "profile" of someone who is likely to churn.

